Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness.
It was sitting as still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of Privet Drive. It didnt so much as
quiver when a car door slammed on the next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead. In fact, it was nearly midnight
before the cat moved at all. A man appeared on the corner the cat had been watching, appeared so suddenly and silently
youd have thought hed just popped out of the ground. The cats tail twitched and its eyes narrowed. Nothing like this man
had ever been seen on Privet Drive. He was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, which
were both long enough to tuck into his belt. He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high -
heeled, buckled boots. His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half - moon spectacles and his nose was very
long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice. This mans name was Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore didnt
seem to realize that he had just arrived in a street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome. He was busy
rummaging in his cloak, looking for something. But he did seem to realize he was being watched, because he looked up suddenly
at the cat, which was still staring at him from the other end of the street. For some reason, the sight of the cat seemed
to amuse him. He chuckled and muttered, "I should have known." He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket. It
seemed to be a silver cigarette lighter. He flicked it open, held it up in the air, and clicked it. The nearest street
lamp went out with a little pop. He clicked it again - the next lamp flickered into darkness. Twelve times he clicked the
Put - Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes
of the cat watching him. If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady - eyed Mrs. Dursley, they wouldnt be able
to see anything that was happening down on the pavement. Dumbledore slipped the Put - Outer back inside his cloak and set
off down the street toward number four, where he sat down on the wall next to the cat. He didnt look at it, but after a
moment he spoke to it. "Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall" He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone.
Instead he was smiling at a rather severe - looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings
the cat had had around its eyes. She, too, was wearing a cloak, an emerald one. Her black hair was drawn into a tight bun.
She looked distinctly ruffled.